README.md, before:

# Self-hosted NocoDB

This repository was created from [Railways's](https://railway.app/) [NocoDB](https://www.nocodb.com/) [deploy starter](https://railway.app/new/starters/nocodb). I update this repo to update the NocoDB software used for Digitized Diasporic Memory's [public-facing database](diasporamemory.com/database/).

![Database](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55474996/167480805-7fdb28c9-b387-4cec-8837-f18e6d1732a9.png)


## ✨ Features

- NocoDB
- PostgreSQL (to store the data)

## 💁🏿‍♀️ How to deploy your own self-hosted 

[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/new/template?template=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Frailwayapp-starters%2Fnocodb&plugins=postgresql&envs=NC_ONE_CLICK%2CNC_DATABASE_URL&NC_ONE_CLICKDefault=true&NC_DATABASE_URLDefault=postgres%3A%2F%2F%24%7B%7B+PGUSER+%7D%7D%3A%24%7B%7B+PGPASSWORD+%7D%7D%40%24%7B%7B+PGHOST+%7D%7D%3A%24%7B%7B+PGPORT+%7D%7D%2F%24%7B%7B+PGDATABASE+%7D%7D)

- Click the Railway button 👆

Commit message:

Update README with deployment instructions

README.md, after:

# Self-hosted NocoDB

This repository was created from [Railways's](https://railway.app/) [NocoDB](https://www.nocodb.com/) [deploy starter](https://railway.app/new/starters/nocodb). I update this repo to update the NocoDB software used for Digitized Diasporic Memory's [public-facing database](diasporamemory.com/database/).

![Database](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55474996/167480805-7fdb28c9-b387-4cec-8837-f18e6d1732a9.png)


## ✨ Features

- NocoDB
- PostgreSQL (to store the data)

## 💁🏿‍♀️ How to deploy your own self-hosted NocoDB deployment on Railway

[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/new/template?template=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Frailwayapp-starters%2Fnocodb&plugins=postgresql&envs=NC_ONE_CLICK%2CNC_DATABASE_URL&NC_ONE_CLICKDefault=true&NC_DATABASE_URLDefault=postgres%3A%2F%2F%24%7B%7B+PGUSER+%7D%7D%3A%24%7B%7B+PGPASSWORD+%7D%7D%40%24%7B%7B+PGHOST+%7D%7D%3A%24%7B%7B+PGPORT+%7D%7D%2F%24%7B%7B+PGDATABASE+%7D%7D)

1. [Create a Railway account](https://railway.app?referralCode=7ENqQl)
2. Click the Railway button 👆
3. Connect your GitHub account
4. Hit "Deploy"
5. In your [dashboard](https://railway.app/dashboard), click on your new NocoDB deployment
6. To access your application's site, click on the "nocodb", and click on the first URL under the "Deployments" tab.
7. Create your NocoDB account.
8. You're all set! Check out [NocoDB's documentation](https://docs.nocodb.com/)
